GH-109975: Copyedit 3.13 What's New: Other Language Changes (#123086)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.13.rst

The cycle garbage collector is now incremental.
This means that maximum pause times are reduced
by an order of magnitude or more for larger heaps.
(Contributed by Mark Shannon in :gh:`108362`.)

Other Language Changes
======================

* The compiler now strips common common leading whitespace
  from every line in a docstring.

>   This reduces the size of :term:`bytecode cache <bytecode>`
>   (e.g. ``.pyc`` files), with reductions in file size of around 5%,
>   for example for :mod:`!sqlalchemy.orm.session` in SQLAlchemy 2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This reduces the size of :term:`bytecode cache <bytecode>`
  (such as ``.pyc`` files), with reductions in file size of around 5%,
  for example, for :mod:`!sqlalchemy.orm.session` in SQLAlchemy 2.0.
```

https://devguide.python.org/documentation/style-guide/#use-simple-language

  .. code-block:: python

     class C[T]:
         type Alias = lambda: T

  (Contributed by Jelle Zijlstra in :gh:`109118` and :gh:`118160`.)

* :ref:`Future statements <future>` are no longer triggered by
  relative imports of the :mod:`__future__` module,
  meaning that statements of the form  ``from .__future__ import ...``
  are now simply standard relative imports, with no special features activated.
  (Contributed by Jeremiah Gabriel Pascual in :gh:`118216`.)

* :keyword:`global` declarations are now permitted in :keyword:`except` blocks
  when that global is used in the :keyword:`else` block.
  Previously this raised an erroneous :exc:`SyntaxError`.
  (Contributed by Irit Katriel in :gh:`111123`.)

* Add a new environment variable :envvar:`PYTHON_FROZEN_MODULES`.
  which determines whether frozen modules are ignored by the import machinery,
  equivalent to the :option:`-X frozen_modules <-X>` command-line option.
  (Contributed by Yilei Yang in :gh:`111374`.)

* Add :ref:`support for the perf profiler <perf_profiling>` working
  without `frame pointers <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Call_stack>`_ through
  the new environment variable :envvar:`PYTHON_PERF_JIT_SUPPORT`

>   and command-line option :option:`-X perf_jit <-X>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and command-line option :option:`-X perf_jit <-X>`.
```

  (Contributed by Pablo Galindo in :gh:`118518`.)

* The location of a :file:`.python_history` file can be changed via the
  new :envvar:`PYTHON_HISTORY` environment variable.
  (Contributed by Levi Sabah, Zackery Spytz and Hugo van Kemenade
  in :gh:`73965`.)

* Classes have a new :attr:`~class.__static_attributes__` attribute.

>   This is populated by the compiler with a tuple of the class' attribute names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is populated by the compiler with a tuple of the class's attribute names
```

Guided by pronunciation.

Author: Yeah, I wasn't sure about this one. Simpler would be change to `type's`, but less accurate!

  See the `Z85 specification <https://rfc.zeromq.org/spec/32/>`_ for more information.
  (Contributed by Matan Perelman in :gh:`75299`.)

> 
> concurrent.futures
> ------------------

Reviewer: concurrent.futures goes after compileall.

whitespace nit: the existing headings have a single new line separating them:

```suggestion
concurrent.futures
------------------
```

(and below)

Author: I'll be adding the extra blank lines in the Improved Modules PR for every section, though it does look odd currently. Will fix the order shortly.
